Reimagine the infrastructure of cancer care within a community that values integrity, inspires growth, and is uniquely positioned to create a more modern, connected oncology ecosystem. We’re looking for a data and technology-oriented Software Engineer to help us accomplish our mission to improve and extend lives by learning from the experience of every person with cancer. Are you ready to be the next changemaker in cancer care? What You'll Do This role will design and develop technology within Flatiron’s engineering organization. This role will collaborate cross functionally with experts across a variety of functions to understand how to develop technology solutions that drive clinical outcomes either in the practice or research settings to understand their challenges and how technology can help solve them. Collaborate with engineers, product managers, and stakeholders to deeply understand problems before jumping to solutions whilst balancing customer needs, technical constraints, and business priorities Break down ambiguous requirements into well-scoped, actionable work, and ask clarifying questions and surface risks early Design, implement, test, and deploy features end-to-end. Write clean, well-tested code that balances pragmatism with long-term maintainability Investigate and resolve bugs by tracing issues to root causes, designing thoughtful fixes, and validating changes with automated tests Participate in design and code reviews, giving and receiving constructive feedback that elevates team quality Effectively leverage AI-assisted coding tools and modern technologies to accelerate development while applying critical judgment to validate outputs and maintain security, reliability, and code quality Who You Are You're a kind, passionate and collaborative problem-solver who values the opportunity to think beyond the way things are. You're excited by the prospect of working on difficult and meaningful problems each day. You seek and give candid feedback, and value the chance to make an important impact on cancer patients and society. You’re a software engineer with 1-4 years of relevant professional experience You are comfortable with ambiguity and always willing to teach and learn You are excited to work in a fast moving environment, think creatively and be scrappy to get the job done You have a nose for value and empathy for your customers You have experience with languages like Python, C++, Java, and/or C#, but are also willing to pick up new programming languages as needed You have some experience working with cloud platforms like AWS ,Azure, or GCP You have a good understanding of relational databases like PostgreSQL, MySQL, or MSSQL You understand the purpose of “boring” technology (as described in this blog post ) and are willing to use the right tools to get the job done Extra credit You have experience working in healthcare or exposure to healthcare-related standards like HL7 You hold a Bachelors, Masters, and/or Ph.D. in computer science or a related field You have experience developing software with AI agents like Claude Code or Cursor You have experience with containerized environments such as Docker, including image creation, orchestration, and production deployment. You have experience building and maintaining data pipelines and modeling production datasets in Snowflake. Where You’ll Work In this hybrid role, you’ll have a defined work location that includes work from home and 3 office days set by you and your team. For more information on our approach to hybrid work, please visit the how we work website. Please note that this is a fixed term, hourly, contract role, with an expected end date in December 2026. Job Compensation Range Hourly Range : $50 - $70 Preferred Primary Location: NY Office An important note on compensation The pay range for this position is based on the preferred primary location of the role which is listed above. If you are applying to this role at a location that is not the preferred primary location, please keep in mind the salary range will vary and may fall outside of what is listed. Base pay offered may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience.